Proof CJ: Responses to definition prompt
================
George Kinnear
22/03/2021

# Definitions given by judges

## Study1 rigour

<table class="table table-striped" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<caption>

Please explain briefly in a few sentences how you would decide if a
proof is rigorous.

</caption>

<thead>

<tr>

<th style="text-align:right;">

judge\_id

</th>

<th style="text-align:left;">

definition

</th>

</tr>

</thead>

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

1077

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

I would check that all cases had been considered and that all of the
steps in the proof were correct. This is obviously easiest when the
proof is laid out logically and neatly.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

15

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is rigorous if it follows a logical order, has no gaps, and
demonstrates what is stated in the claim. It should cover all
possibilities in case there are more than one, in the specific context.
The proof should also be clear enough to understand it easily.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

269

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

When it contains no logical gap.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6376

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

If it does not leave any gap between the premises and the conclusions.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

48

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

If there are no mistakes I can spot and I can understand it I will
assume it is rigorous. I have no where near enough knowledge about maths
or proofs of any kind at all to have any sort of authority to decide if
a proof is rigorous or not, 99 times out of 100 I don’t understand the
proofs in the notes and I just assume they are okay.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

683

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Used only axiom as a known condition. Make logical sense.

Well-formed and with comments/detailed explanation.

Also been proof by a large amount of specialists.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

983

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

No logical gaps. Easier to read if chain of implications are written in
order.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

1251

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

If a proof is heavy on the algebra and explains all of its
claims/statements thoroughly, or at least points you to a resource that
justifies them. Proofs that make use of pictures/diagrams I find usually
a lot more intuitive but even if I can’t think of a flaw in the proof,
it still would not seem (as) rigorous.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

753

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is rigorous if it is a correct, fully explained, logical pathway
based on a clear set of assumptions, which are themselves either
standard or explicitly given.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

3103

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

By considering any counter examples that are not true due to the proof
not being rigorous. 

If the argument doesn’t flow well, or has no structure it may imply the
proof is omitting some steps. 

If every step is justified.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

94

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

I would decide if a proof is rigorous if it follows definitions and
theorems to reach its conclusion, with no obvious gaps and each
conclusion in the proof giving full validity to following conclusions.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

74

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Rigorous proof would be explained clearly and simply with no excessive
details or jumps to conclusions. It would offer a logical argument that
the reader can follow. It would also not make any unnecessary
assumptions and be as all encompassing as possible.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

1553

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

To decide whether a proof is rigorous, we need to carefully check each
step of the proof and consider whether the former steps could be deduced
into the latter ones, to make sure that each step is logically clear. A
rigorous proof should demonstrate the given claims or propositions under
any required constraints.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

577

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Firstly, it would have to contain no errors or unproven assumptions. It
would also need to be a complete set of logical statements with no bits
left to intuition or guessing. I might also expect it to follow the
established notation conventions. I tend to find proofs that appeal to
algebra over geometry more rigorous.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

537

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A rigorous proof makes no non-trivial logical jumps and does not allow
for any loss of generality relative to the proposition. In addition, the
proof should be clear and unambiguous in all steps.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

169

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The steps follow on from the previous. And is right in all the
conditions stated

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

1459

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is rigorous if a clear assumption is made and then logical
statements follow in a logical order with a logical conclusion. A
rigorous proof must have no gaps.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

1301

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

What I would look for:  - no gaps in logical proceedings

 - connecting sentences short and efficient

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

625

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A good proof should be well organised and show each step clearly.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

857

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

I would say a proof is rigorous when the steps are shown clearly and
done so precisely. Stating definitions in proofs is important to be
rigorous, however should be concise and not contain information that
isn’t fundamental to the proof.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

1466

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Has no gaps and no leaps to conclusions. Is no longer than it needs to
be and the theorems and definitions used are clearly available.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

524

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

I would first ensure that I understand the claim and try to form my own
conclusion of what the proof/answer shall be to ensure that the proof
given provides the right answer. I would then read the proof and  decide
if the  method of proof  that the writer has a suitable / good  choice
or not. Next I would actively read the proof and try to find any
mistakes or ommissions that I feel are a significant error.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

2719

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It is clear to the reader and does not lack any logical steps.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

104

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

There is no logical gap between steps. All the sentences are well formed
with aid of maths notations.

Overall the structure is clear.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

17

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

I think a proof would be considered rigorous if it covers each aspect of
the statement, and proves it in such a way that it cannot be
contradicted.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

624

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Proof starts with a previous definition or theorem and builds/adapts it
with each line logically following on from the previous.

Each line needs justification, as to why it is possible and relevant.

Proofs that fall into a strict category such as: “proof by induction”,
“proof by counterexample” tend to be more formulaic and easier to see
if the proof is rigorous.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

1736

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Each step follows logically from the previous one with clear reasoning.
There are no gaps in the argument. Only fundamental axioms are assumed
and are stated where necessary.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

651

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A rigorous proof is one that makes it very clear what one is assuming to
be true, what the definitions being used are, and how exactly the result
is derived using such. In other words, it is a proof that covers all its
bases and justifies all the steps within\!

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

78

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is rigorous if it defines all the variables or notation needed
within the proof. It is also rigorous if it follows a logical argument,
and there are no gaps i.e. covers all the possible “cases”.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

45

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The axioms used in the proof are accurate and correct. There are no gaps
between steps and the logic is clear throughout the proof.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

425

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A mathematical proof needs three parts: language, deduction system and
axiom. Rigorous mathematical proof should be the result of the deduction
and proof of axioms and derived theorems step by step with a clear
logic. If the axiom or theorem has a scope of application, the
conclusion should only be in this scope.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6860

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

I think a proof is rigorous should be drived from axioms or theorms.  If
there two have a scope of application, the conclusion we prove should
only in this scope.  Furthermore, every steps in our proof we prove
should be true.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5010

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is rigorous when it has no holes or unjustified shortcuts in
logic, does not contradict earlier statements (unless on purpose),
covers all possible cases when the proof is intended to be valid, and
leaves the reader convinced in the truth of the statement being proved.

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

## Study1 insight

<table class="table table-striped" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<caption>

Please explain briefly in a few sentences how you would decide if a
proof gives you insight.

</caption>

<thead>

<tr>

<th style="text-align:right;">

judge\_id

</th>

<th style="text-align:left;">

definition

</th>

</tr>

</thead>

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

127

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof would give me insight if it is clear and concise. All the terms
and processes should be well defined. Each step should be shown with no
gaps in the proof.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

2715

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The theorem is clearly stated to start. Then the working in the proof
step by step and easy to follow, without the omission of any parts. The
proof should include reasoning for steps which are not explicitly
obvious.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

1153

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

  - If the steps are logical and follow a good structure.

  - Any previous results required for the proof are either well cited or
    maybe even stated in the proof.

  - If the proof is easily reproducible

  - If the claim being proved is used in arithmetic calculations/in
    computational work then the method of the proof could maybe give an
    insight into how such computation would be carried out
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    2850
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof gives me insight if it clearly follows a logical story
    which highlighting any interesting remarks or points which make the
    argument more natural. For long proofs, outlines/summaries of the
    line of argument can be very useful.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    1104
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    After reading a proof, there should be no doubt at all that the
    claim is true. A proof is a clear argument for a case, that covers
    every option. That is to say a proof either says why the claim is
    true in all cases, or why the claim has to be true by disproving all
    other cases.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    2046
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    The statement to proof must be clearly stated and the proof should
    have a clear logical progression.

Initially, results used in the later part of the proof should be
derived. This does not refer to whole theorems but rather stressing the
important properties of the environment the proof/ theorem takes place
in.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

248

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

I would decide if a proof gives me insight depending on whether the
steps of the proof were clear and if so if they have proven all cases.
I.e. iff would have to prove both sides in order for it to make sense. I
would also base it depending on the additional explanations and notes to
the written mathematical formulae.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

605

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof has to be correct, use language of an appropriate level, but
also not be unnecessarily convoluted. A mixture of mathematical
expressions and plain text would be appreciated (a proof written only
using symbols is hard to read).

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

22

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Whether I can understand each step or not. It has to follow logically
onwards from the previous step. Ideally it would be applicable and
useful in other fields.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

544

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof should be clearly structured and easy to follow. It should be
concise and hold enough detail as appropriate for the level of education
of the reader.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

2753

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof would use proper language and include a reference to any
notation not commonly used. The proof may contain a clear structure,
e.g. a claim at the beginning or a conclusion at the end. The theorem or
definition used in the proof should be stated, and reference if it is
necessary.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

1634

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

If I can read it and understand where I have started and what I have
ended up with, and if they are clearly formatted to prove what was
initially set out in the first sentence. Explaining every step as if I
were a three year old being taught this, by very logically writing down
everything and not allowing the reader to assume anything.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

539

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof gives me insight primarily if it is easy to understand and all
of the steps taken are explained clearly. Notation should also be
consistent and defined properly.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

64

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

  - Defines all the variables used at the beginning. 
      - Has a nice structure, easy to follow, and a concluding
        statement.
      - References formulas, theorems, papers to make it more credible.
        </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <td style="text-align:right;">
        562
        </td>
        <td style="text-align:left;">
        I will ask myself. Which one is correct? Which one is more
        clear? Which one is easier to understand?
        </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <td style="text-align:right;">
        909
        </td>
        <td style="text-align:left;">
        Clarity and use of language is crucial to an effective proof, to
        emphasize the key steps and avoid the proof reducing to an
        extended series of “…thus, …, therefore, …, thus…” statements
        which leave the reader pondering where the magic happened.
        Additionally, an insightful proof should state clearly the
        methodology and tools used to tackle the problem, e.g. if proof
        by contradiction or induction is used.
        </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <td style="text-align:right;">
        512
        </td>
        <td style="text-align:left;">
        First of all, a good proof should include a generalized idea as
        simple as you can, one sentence will be the best. Secondly, it
        should include a connection with other results pr theorems and
        how we can distinguish between one another. Last but not least,
        one can include the application of the proof: how we can use the
        theorem to prove another lemma or solve a related mathematical
        problem.
        </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <td style="text-align:right;">
        2400
        </td>
        <td style="text-align:left;">
        A proof gives you insight if it is clear and can convince you
        that what they are trying to prove is true.
        </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <td style="text-align:right;">
        560
        </td>
        <td style="text-align:left;">
        If the proof has a clear claim and conclusion and each step is
        easy to follow, the proof becomes more convincing. If there are
        steps missing or assumptions not explained, the logical leaps to
        get from the claim to the conclusion reduce how “valid” I would
        consider the proof.
        </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <td style="text-align:right;">
        572
        </td>
        <td style="text-align:left;">
        The proof should be precise and each step in the proof should
        make sense without having to read over it many times to
        understand how one step follows from another. If any notation is
        introduced that is not standard for that level, then it should
        be explained well. Normally a more direct argument to prove the
        statement is more helpful than very abstract or situational
        proofs.
        </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <td style="text-align:right;">
        831
        </td>
        <td style="text-align:left;">
        A proof gives insight if it has a clear ‘narrative’. This means

<!-- end list -->

1)  The method of proof could be described in an informal manner to
    another mathematician, who could then recreate it by filling in the
    formal details.

2)  The purpose of each step of the proof (i.e. the problem it is
    solving) is clear, and it is clear how each step relates to the
    steps before and after it.

This ensures that the proof gives some insight to the reader that is not
present in the theorem itself. This insight could then be used to solve
similar problems.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

829

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It must be elegant, have a logical flow that is easy to follow, without
any gaps, and any “clearly this is true” statements when it’s not clear.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

1220

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof should be easy to follow, and explained clearly step-by-step. 

A proof gives me insight when it allows me to understand why a certain
proving method is used.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

1270

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

I think that a proof gives insight if:

1)  Its line of argument is well explained and well written.

2)  The less obvious axioms or theorems used in the proof are referenced
    or proved within the proof. If a more obscure result is used without
    any explanation this can be confusing.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    55
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    If a proof is easy to follow and each step is well explained with a
    reason why each step is justified (i.e. with theorems).
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    525
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    If the transition between each step can be clearly seen. If a person
    is using a theorem in their proof citing or describing what it is
    and not taking it as assumed knowledge. Providing a geometric
    interpretation alongside the rigorous proof to show a clear and full
    understanding where possible.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    3126
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    If I can follow each step with clear understanding. A mixture of
    words and mathematical symbols helps; I find it difficult to
    understand a proof if there is no written explanation of what is
    happening.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    46
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    Proofs can provide new ways to think about problems and how to solve
    them. They can also show why proving a certain theorem or claim
    might be helpful and they can help develop mathematical thinking.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    7851
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    I would decide if a proof gives me insight by how clearly the steps
    to get from the givens to the result are explained. I think it is
    important that there isn’t room for ambiguity in the proof so that
    I, as the reader, only need to worry about my own ability to
    understand the mathematics, rather than trying to deduce the logic
    employed by the author.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    2920
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    I would decide if while reading it (not necessarily the first time)
    I get that “Aha\!” moment when I realise the deeper connection
    underlying the theorem or result. If there are any particularly
    unintuitive steps which can be justified or explained (not just: “by
    the power of hindsight/trial and error, we do X”) this would also
    count as it helps me develop the skills to then go away and write
    proofs by myself – in that field or even in a completely different
    one.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    3705
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    Clear and concise steps that lead to the conclusion and proving all
    possible scenarios that apply to the proof. Proof states all of the
    results from other Theorems etc. that are used.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    1071
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof gives me insight if it is clearly displayed and easy to
    follow. I find it much easier to follow a proof if there isn’t too
    much unnecessary notation introduced. The structure to a proof is
    very important as this means everything is explained in the correct
    order making it as clear as possible.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    </tbody>
    
    </table>
    
    ## Study2 rigour
    
    <table class="table table-striped" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">
    
    <caption>
    
    Please explain briefly in a few sentences what it means for a proof
    to be rigorous
    
    </caption>
    
    <thead>
    
    <tr>
    
    <th style="text-align:right;">
    
    judge\_id
    
    </th>
    
    <th style="text-align:left;">
    
    definition
    
    </th>
    
    </tr>
    
    </thead>
    
    <tbody>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    7438
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    For a proof to be rigorous, it needs to be detailed enough so that
    the person reading the proof is easily able to follow it. This
    includes presenting definitions and assumptions in a clear manner
    and including transition phrases that clearly specify the step you
    are taking.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5584
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    The proof should be completely general (expressed in terms of
    parameters such as n, k etc. and thus apply to all possible
    instances, e.g. all real numbers or all integers. The proof should
    of course be mathematically correct and should go into sufficient
    detail for its purpose/anticipated reader(s). Chiefly, the proof
    should prove no more or less than precisely what it sets out to
    prove.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5595
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof is rigorous if and only if, starting with a set of premises
    which we deem to be axiomatically true (or non-axiomatic
    well-established derivations thereof built on papers upon papers
    utilising similar rigurous methods), we can derive a true conclusion
    by clearly applying said premises, one or more at a time, in a
    manner that goes beyond all reasonable doubt (in the way that us
    humans perceive the world).
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5308
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof which can be called rigorous proof must explain explicitly
    at everywhere. It should justify which theorems or collaries it have
    used.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5267
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    The proof must follow the structure which includes a starting
    sentence and a concluding sentence. The proof must contain details
    that are relevant and is fluent and clear.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6034
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    If all cases are covered by the proof it is rigorous\!
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5978
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    Each step of the proof is clear and valid, showing how the
    conclusion was coherently found.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5528
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    If a proof is rigorous then it clearly demonstrates the truth of the
    statement through clear steps. Making sure each claim is justified.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6195
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    1.  Base case, let’s prove that P(1)

left: sum(2*k-1,k,1,1)=2*1-1=1

right: n<sup>2=1</sup>2=1

so, it’s true for P(1)

2.  Induction step: Assume that P(n) is true and consider,

sum(2*k-1,k,1,n+1)=sum(2*k-1,k,1,n)+(2\*(n+1)-1)

                              =n^2+(2\*n+1)

                              =(n+1)^2

where we used the statement P(n) to replace sum(2\*k-1,k,1,n) with
(n+1)^2

Hence sum(2\*k-1,k,1,n+1)=(n+1)^2 which proves that P(n)=\>P(n+1) is
true

Since P(1),P(n)=\>P(n+1) it follows that P(n) is true for all n belongs
to N by the principle of mathematical induction.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5199

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

For a proof to be rigorous it should clearly state what question they
are trying to answer and then state their claim for the question. They
should then begin from the start and then using clearly explained
logical steps, they should eventually arrive at a conclusion. For it to
be rigorous,  there should be no edge cases left unexplained and there
should be no ambiguity surrounding the validity of any of the logical
steps

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6017

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Have a clear claim and essential sentence to lead reader through the
proof.

Have correct logical step to show the result.

Have a clear conclusion.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5212

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

For a proof to be rigorous It must be detailed enough such that nothing
can be misconstrued while reading through it, but also not overly
complex as to confuse the reader with terms and notation that would be
unfamiliar to them. There is a fine balance between these two, however
the priority should be understandability from the reader. If a proof is
overly complex, then there is no point in reading through the proof, as
the reader would not be able to understand it. However, if a proof were
to be simplified, the reader could use the proof as a springboard to
begin to understand the true proof, working off of what they had learned
with the simplified, and slowly applying more complex topics and
concepts.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6016

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It is very difficult to write out a good and standard proof .

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6821

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A rigorous proof is one which is self-contained (meaning all the
information you need is in the proof), considers all possibilities (such
as the occasional division by zero or something of the sort) and written
in such a way that it is easy to read and understand

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6046

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

To explain each step in enough detail for the reader to understand. This
depends on the context of the proof. A proof of the same thing for an A
level student is going to have more detail than a proof of the same
thing to a first year student, simply because the first year student
probably knows more maths

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5549

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

For a proof to be rigorous, it should be clear and hold up when
inspected closely.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5279

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Covers all bases and any exceptions are considered, leaving no room for
doubt that the stated is always correct.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5919

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

no

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6051

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Must either use valid logic to infer an already proven theorem can be
used to prove it, or use the absolute fundamental axioms and well
reasoned logic to infer that something is true.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5738

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A rigorous proof should be logically valid. And it should include all
the possible cases.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5731

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

In my opinion, a rigorous proof is a proof that can explain clearly the
series of axioms, statements and hypothesis, and their connections that
led to the theorem or statement that we want to prove. The proof needs
to detailed but simple enough so that the reader can clearly see the
connections between the axioms, statements and hypothesis. The
connections also need to be strong and free from any contradictions that
may arise.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5333

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

If every small piece of reasoning in a proof is logically sound and they
combine logically to produce the desired conclusion.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5506

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

proof is considered to be rigorous if it provides a lot of details. it
should be very clear so that everyone can understand.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

2985

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

To include a full mathematical proof and not just words.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5829

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

the steps are complete

the logic is correct

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5810

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof need to contain the assumptions, the convincible process to get
the required conclusion.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5237

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is rigorous when the steps are in a logical order, each step
building on the previous one. A rigorous proof should also contain lots
of definitions of the variables you are using and should be clear to
read.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6031

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Clearly explained. It is easy to follow what has been assumed, defined
etc. Covers all cases if there are more than 1 case.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5990

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is rigorous if I can show every step and the conclusion follows
without any gaps from the premises.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5926

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

To prove something completely using axioms or other theorems that can be
proven using axioms.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6295

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

I am not sure

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5316

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is rigorous when the objective is clearly stated, the theorems
and lemmeas used are mentioned specifically, and every inference follows
logically from the next.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5807

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof must not be easily subject to questioning of bold assumptions,
that ought to have been proved.

The proof must be explicit in its logic, showing clear implications
rather than vague connections.

Must proof the statement exactly.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

7757

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Each step follows logically from the previous step such that at no point
can rational doubt of the logical inferences be asserted. A rigorous
proof takes a starting statement, and with the least possible
assumptions, reaches a conclusion that must be considered true.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6143

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof should cover all cases that are possible. It should be clearly
written and unambiguous so that the proof can be followed by the reader.
There should be no gaps that should be included for a proof of that
level, but every detail need not be proved as long as they are known to
be true. An if and only if proof should be proved by assuming the first
statement and concluding the second statement and then assuming the
second statement to conclude the first, or by using another method that
maintains the equivalency.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6048

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

For a proof to be rigorous, it should eliminate all possibility of
vagueness or ambiguity. It should cover all possible cases, so that the
theorem does not simply apply to a specific value or expression. All
variables used should be noted and expressed (i.e. do they belong to the
reals, rationals etc).

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5909

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

There are no gaps or flaws in the logic and we can assert with certainty
that the proof is correct

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6032

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Not leave any parts out of skip over things. Explaining everything
thoroughly and exhausting any possible ideas

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6032

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

having all the necessary steps and exhausting all possible cases

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5504

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It means there are no contradictions in the logic and will be proved by
known formulas and theorems. The proof process need to be clear and
methodical to make it easy for others to understand.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5639

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof where every step is clearly explained and where all assumptions
that are required to reach the final result are stated.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

7024

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Determining the authenticity of a person or thing from reliable
material.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5426

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A rigorous proof is a proof which is proven thoroughly and carefully

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5859

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It means that you demonstrate that the asserted outcome arises from the
premise through an unbroken chain of steps each of which is logically
clear. This means considering the potential logical gaps in each step
and being able to demonstrate this in a convincing way.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6582

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

For it to be generalised and have all assumptions justified.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5757

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A rigorous proof is a proof that can be seen to be valid by means of a
valid proof-checking algorithm.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5172

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is a set of small steps leading to a conclusion. In order for a
proof to be considered rigorous, the steps should be axioms, or theorems
derived from axioms.

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

## Study2 insight

<table class="table table-striped" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<caption>

Please explain briefly in a few sentences what it means for a proof to
give insight into why the theorem is true

</caption>

<thead>

<tr>

<th style="text-align:right;">

judge\_id

</th>

<th style="text-align:left;">

definition

</th>

</tr>

</thead>

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6364

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

a good proof must be concise and descriptive. it must include a
clarative statement followed by a detailed proof. if definitions are
used then they must be named.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6424

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

When we have a theorem and we want to prove it, we need to use our known
knowledge, building relationships by using our logic so that we can
explain to everyone with the proof processes to make them understand why
the theorem is true.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6787

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A good proof should give a well structured and logically flowing
argument. It should be clear and concise, and should guide the reader
through the logic in a simple way without unnecessary jumping around or
side-tracking. It also ought to get the correct balance between brevity
and having an easily understandable argument without needless jargon or
lack of helpful commentary.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5627

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

examples of exhaustive deductive reasoning which establish logical
certainty, to be distinguished from empirical arguments or
non-exhaustive inductive reasoning which establish reasonable
expectation.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5966

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

the summation is the sum of odd numbers which is 2k-1, according to the
formula, we can get that the sum is n^2

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6328

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A rigorous proof describes and breaks down the makings of the theorem at
the most fundamental level thus providing insight into why said theorem
is true.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5839

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

a proof give insight into why a theorem is true by a sequence of logical
arguments which can establish the truth through the inference rules of a
deductive system. I think it helps understanding of the theorem and
where it comes from. In general, it helps the understanding of
mathematics better.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6939

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof uses logical and deductive reasoning to unequivocally validify
a theorem. Using universally accepted axioms and quantifiers as a base
for all proofs, all theorem’s are verified through these and previously
proven theorems, lemmas and corollaries. Through this you can follow
each step of reasoning, which have complete justification to gain an
insight into why a theorem is true.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6855

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Using concepts that are already proved to show a new theorem is also
true.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6348

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Proof shows how the theorem has developed. Therefore, the people can
understand the essential parts of the theorem.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5946

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The reasoning laid out in many proofs determines the proof of the
theorem from a series of premises (often, the assumed knowledge of the
reader). As each step in a proof should follow logically from the
previous (or an already accepted theorem), then following these steps
should lead to seeing how the theorem follows from that which is already
known, and hence provides insight into why, given what we already know,
we should accept the theorem as true. Arguably, a good proof does this
in a way that is easy for the human mind to follow and thus build some
degree of intuitiveness of the nature of the theorem, and why it is
true. It can also connect mathematical concepts and ideas, thus giving
insight into the structure of the subject being considered and
mathematics in general. However, not all proofs do provide such insight;
some proofs, such as proof by exhaustion of cases and zero knowledge
proofs, provide little or no insight into why a theorem is true, despite
assuring us that it is so.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5497

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Well explained, easy to follow step by step and easy to understand.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6906

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Suppose it is valid for all the cases. No counterexamples exist.

If its contraposition is proven false.

If we get to the conclusion that we want for the used case.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5759

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

its proves it for all cases so we can take it for true whereas not just
for a few cases

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5413

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof should be able to show,  in a manner that is simple to follow,
each logical step we can take towards a mathematical conclusion. In
essence this implies that if a proof is written that does not make
sense, then the reader isn’t going to understand where a theorem comes
from and might therefore not understand the theorem.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5473

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

To link a complex idea and a simple truth and show that they are
equivalent

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6691

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof of the theorem is a logical statement from existing axioms,
theorem, or lemma.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5712

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Sorry, I don’t know

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5751

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It provides a clear layout of why the theorum holds for all values
included in the theorem.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5603

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It provides an intuitive explanation into the reasoning behind a concept

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6696

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof needs to show all of the possible ways in which the theorem
being proved is true. The proof should build of previous theorems which
are already known to be true. The proof explains all the different parts
that make up the theorem and show they are true.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5736

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It shows the basic logic of a theorem. That is, why it can imply the
conclusion

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6229

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof needs to give reasoned steps, and a clear line of thought and
working to follow to reach the conclusion that the theorem is true.

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

## Study2 simple

<table class="table table-striped" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<caption>

Please explain briefly in a few sentences what it means for a proof to
be simple

</caption>

<thead>

<tr>

<th style="text-align:right;">

judge\_id

</th>

<th style="text-align:left;">

definition

</th>

</tr>

</thead>

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6029

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

it takes fewer words and more mathematics to prove.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6107

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

I expect a simple proof to be short, concise and easily understandable,
requiring only basic mathematics. Generally, a simple proof is easy to
come up with.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5345

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Clear and concise. Being able to understand it without getting too
confused.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5256

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

For a proof to be simple, it should be concise but explanatory. It
should need to be only read once to be understood. Each step in the
proof should be easy to follow, that is easy to understand what step is
being taken when that step is read, but not necessarily why it is being
taken.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5589

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

For a proof to be simple (assuming “simple” is meant to have positive
connotations in this context), it should be well set out,
straightforward, and easy for the reader to follow, avoiding straying
into unnecessary tangents and generally being clear in proof.

“simple” in a negative context would be a proof that misses steps/leaves
out key details and leaves the reader wondering how they have gotten
from one point to another.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5944

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

In my view, for a proof to be simple, it means that it is easy to follow
for a learning mathematician/ someone who is moderately well read in
mathematics. 

For it to be simple would suggest that it is only marginally more
difficult than a trivial case, so would require little explanation - as
long as that explanation is clear.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6359

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A simple proof is short and does not prove something very complicated.
It uses straightforward maths to prove the point and it is generally
easy to follow

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

3259

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Explained coherently and concisely with little “waffle” - only includes
essential information.

Explained thoroughly, but with easily understood words and phrases, to
avoid confusion and overwhelming the reader.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6092

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

For a proof to be simple a few things it should have but is: it should
have an easy to follow structure, the right amount of information for a
reader of that level (not so much that it is rambling yet not to little
that it is hard to follow) and contain notation which is explicitly
defined.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5552

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Base case, let’s prove that P(1)

left: sum(2*k-1,k,1,1)=2*1-1=1

right: n<sup>2=1</sup>2=1

so, it’s true for P(1)

2.  Induction step: Assume that P(n) is true and consider,

sum(2*k-1,k,1,n+1)=sum(2*k-1,k,1,n)+(2\*(n+1)-1)

                              =n^2+(2\*n+1)

                              =(n+1)^2

where we used the statement P(n) to replace sum(2\*k-1,k,1,n) with
(n+1)^2

Hence sum(2\*k-1,k,1,n+1)=(n+1)^2 which proves that P(n)=\>P(n+1) is
true

Since P(1),P(n)=\>P(n+1) it follows that P(n) is true for all n belongs
to N by the principle of mathematical induction.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6114

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Simple proofs are short, easy to understand and do not rely on other
complex theorems

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5358

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The goal of each main step carried out during the proof should be clear.
Shorter the number of steps and the number of techniques involved,
simpler the proof.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6368

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

You can clearly see the steps of logic taken. No steps are omitted. It
will have only a few clear sections or just one section.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5992

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

it has to be concise. It has to be easy to read with not too many
different letters and symbls

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6278

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A simple proof would be one where the claim is proven in concise,
understandable steps using relatively simple maths.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5705

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

All the steps are clear and they are justified  There is an initial
statement the working and a conclusion…this makes it easier to follow
through

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5403

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Use less words or formula to proof the statement, or apply some examples
to make it more persuasive.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6207

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

To me, it means that it uses the minimum necessary amount of information
to show that needs to be shown. It does not explain definitions directly
unrelated to the problem, and it avoids introducing new concepts that
are not important to the proof itself.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6684

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is simple when it is well-written, and a person without
extensive mathematical background can read it and understand it

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

3076

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It should be able to be explained quite concisely/with few words, and
the main idea of the proof should be able to be understood after reading
it once.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6792

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is simple if it can be read and understood in a relatively short
time by the audience that it is intended for. This means that it does
not require extensive study of a new field and that the actual length of
the proof is not too long.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6153

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A simple proof is a proof that is well-written, informs the reader of
every step and why it is taken, and does not use very complex notation.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5887

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof must be written in concise, clear language, it must include a
clear claim (question) and conclusion. In addition, the method of proof
and the notation must be specified, making it easy to follow.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6800

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

if k=2\*n-1(n is a positive integer)

since  k+1=2\*(n+1)-1

we have (k+1)-(k)=2

then k=2\*n-1 is arithmetic progression

1+3+…+(2\*n-1)=n^2

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5305

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A simple proof can be followed line for line without any confusion as to
what symbols represent, where expressions came from and how conclusions
were arrived at.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5290

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Just a few lines to read, straight to the point

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5962

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

I think that for me I find a proof to be simple when,  - It draws upon
past knowledge, making it easier to understand by building on top of
that rather than trying to understand something from scratch  - It has
been written in a way where different sections are clearly separated and
distinct

 - I can also find the use of lots of unclear variables confusing, so
making the use of variables clear would make proofs simpler

 - Lastly I also find using sentences in a proof to add a little extra
explanation can also simplify things

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5779

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

For a proof to be simple, it must not be a lengthy proof - one that can
be shown in just a few lines of working or less, using basic arithmetic
or known theorems.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6282

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A simple proof should be short. A simple proof should not need to refer
to a large number of previously proven statements. A simple proof should
be clearly comprehensible to the intended audience and should
communicate accurately but briefly the logic of the proof so that the
audience gains sufficient understanding.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6024

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

1.  It is straightforward as possible

2.  Get use of the theorems and definitions

3.  make the necessary calculation as easy as possible

4.  It is clear with no extra steps
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6163
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof is simple if it contains the minimum amount of information
    needed to prove the claim.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5181
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    the structure and readability of the proof is clear and to the
    point. The explanations are also simple
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6813
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    1.  The series of odd numbers is about arithmetic progression, which
        means all the differences between each two contiguous numbers
        are the same.

5.  Therefore, we can add those numbers like this: 1+2n-1; 3+2n-3….

6.  Thus all sums of them are 2n, and there are n odd integers, which
    means the sum is 2n*(1/2)*n=n^2
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    </tbody>
    
    </table>
    
    ## Study2 understanding
    
    <table class="table table-striped" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">
    
    <caption>
    
    Please explain briefly in a few sentences what it means for a proof
    to help you understand why a theorem is true
    
    </caption>
    
    <thead>
    
    <tr>
    
    <th style="text-align:right;">
    
    judge\_id
    
    </th>
    
    <th style="text-align:left;">
    
    definition
    
    </th>
    
    </tr>
    
    </thead>
    
    <tbody>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5891
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof helps me understand why a theorem is true means it has given
    me a direct line of thought to mathematics that I was already
    comfortable with and as such can trace the understanding back to
    form the theorem again.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5380
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof shows how a theorem follows logically from known true
    facts/axioms using steps which are themselves valid and obey the
    axioms, so the emergent theorem is shown to arise from these axioms
    which shows that the theorem itself is true, as we take the axioms
    from which it arises to be true.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5324
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    it is normally using algebra which shows how to theorem works, like
    a worked example and it shows the techniques that you would not as
    associate with that theorem which widens your view on the topic and
    how it works
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5615
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    it means that you understand why something can be used in
    applications and why it works
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6221
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof often shows examples of when a theorem is true using
    diagrams or specific cases which make the theorem easier to imagine
    as true. It also gives logical reasoning to why its true in general.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6022
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof can explain how a theorem comes. And helps me understand the
    theorem logically.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6194
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    Proof is the basis of a theorem, it provides the mathematical
    evidence of the validity of a certain theorem, understanding proof
    makes it easier to understand and remember the theorem.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5635
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    the proof explains the origins of the theorem and if the theorem is
    difficult to understand it can give a clue as to where it came from
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6026
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof can provide me a valid and logical reason of why a theorem
    is true instead of just knowing the surface of the theorem. Also,
    this can help me to understand the theorem more efficiently.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6272
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    The premises and intermediate steps are justified with less
    complicated mathematics (or more basic concepts) than what is being
    proven.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6478
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof needs to have its logical progression and any outside
    theorems, lemmas or corollaries clearly identified so it is easy to
    understand the logical steps that are involved in the proof.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6378
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof should thoroughly demonstrate the construction and
    derivation of the results of a certain theorem. Additionally it
    should be written in a clear and understandable language.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5432
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof for me breaks down a theorem into its smallest components to
    explain why (from the basics), a certain statement is true. It uses
    more basic knowledge and statements to help a reader understand a
    more complex issue rather than taking a statement for granted.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    3311
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    I’m a bit slow, so the more in depth a theorem is, the more I’m able
    to latch onto what it’s saying. If it painstakingly takes me through
    every step, that’s the only way I’ll be sure I’ve understood it
    properly.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5799
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    It takes you through the reasoning step-by-step using ideas we
    already have learnt to help us learn a new one.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6049
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    When proving a theorem is true, I can better understand the meaning
    of the theorem. Additionally, this process also can exercise the
    ability of logical thinking. I can learn many other knowledge during
    proving.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5532
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    a clear, logical progression of irrefutable statements which lead to
    the conclusion that a theorem must be true, by one or various
    methods
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5264
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    That it clearly shows how the theorem in question has been deduced
    using previous knowledge to do so. Proofs that are easiest to
    understand are those that clearly explain what each step is either
    building towards or achieves in progression to proving the theorem.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5653
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    It should at least be coherent and logically consistent; then, it
    will be good if there is some explanation (including sentences,
    graphs, etc) that demonstrates some hard or important concepts;
    however, the overly trivial details which might distract the readers
    from the main thread should be omitted (it depends on the expected
    level of the readers).
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6797
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    The proof provides the steps of coherent logical reasoning as our
    core beliefs as to why a theorem is considered true.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5607
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    If the proof goes through all the steps line by line, clearly
    showing how it got from one line to the next. It is also helpful if
    the proof states any theorems used in the proof.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5768
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    The proof has to be easy to follow and must be rigorous enough to
    prove the theorem for all cases
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5226
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    The process of proof can examine the generality of a theorem or
    identity.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5968
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    Since a single theorem was not sufficient to convince people why it
    is true, there must be detailed and prudent proof to support the
    argument.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6756
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    The proof is the provision of evidence that the suggested theorem is
    true for ANY case.  If the proof is mathematically correct, then
    there isn’t any case for which the theorem isn’t true, therefore
    proving that taken any number - the equation will hold.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    7066
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof is a logical sequence to deduce a theorem. Proofs give
    reasons for a theorem to be true.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5375
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    A proof can show rigorously that a theorem is true in all possible
    cases, and, if there are no mistakes, it is enough to convince me
    that the theorem is true. Also, deconstructing a proof can sometimes
    help to provide an intuition for the proof, for example using a
    geometric representation of the theorem. This can help *understand*
    why the theorem is true, rather than just believing it.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    5871
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    The proof starts with an acceptable assumption, which is either a
    condition of the theorem or an axiom. Then, it uses implication to
    arrive to the desired conclusion.
    
    </td>
    
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    
    <td style="text-align:right;">
    
    6020
    
    </td>
    
    <td style="text-align:left;">
    
    1.  Base case, let’s prove that P(1)

left: sum(2*k-1,k,1,1)=2*1-1=1

right: n<sup>2=1</sup>2=1

so, it’s true for P(1)

2.  Induction step: Assume that P(n) is true and consider,

sum(2*k-1,k,1,n+1)=sum(2*k-1,k,1,n)+(2\*(n+1)-1)

                              =n^2+(2\*n+1)

                              =(n+1)^2

where we used the statement P(n) to replace sum(2\*k-1,k,1,n) with
(n+1)^2

Hence sum(2\*k-1,k,1,n+1)=(n+1)^2 which proves that P(n)=\>P(n+1) is
true

Since P(1),P(n)=\>P(n+1) it follows that P(n) is true for all n belongs
to N by the principle of mathematical induction.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6703

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A good proof will be easy to understand and have the necessary logical
steps to take you from point A to point B. As well as being rigorous a
proof should help you to see the connection between the two statements
that you’re trying to prove. Every step in the proof should have a clear
role in displaying the reasons why one statement is equivalent to
another.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6118

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It is helpful as it help to see where theorems come from each other.
Also makes theorems easier to understand.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6109

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Every step should be explained explicitly and  the steps have to be
clearly (First..Second..etc)

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5566

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Any unbroken chain of logical steps which deduces something I didn’t
know from something I did know is perfectly valid, so long as the steps
are explained in their entirety.  Clarity, of course, is essential to
understanding the proof, so a more explanatory one is more effective.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5855

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof shows that a certain statement is valid by mathematical analysis

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5503

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Proof is a process of logical deduction, and every step of deduction has
a theoretical basis.We can draw a conclusion by forward or backward
deduction\<U+3002\>This proof help me understand why a theorem is true.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6002

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof must be clear and explained mathematically and in English
terms with clear steps and conclusions from each justification
throughout. i.e if a point is made, after it has been made it should be
explained what the result of that point is and why it is relevant.

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

## Study2 marks

<table class="table table-striped" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<caption>

Please explain briefly in a few sentences what it means for a proof to
be worth high marks in an assessment

</caption>

<thead>

<tr>

<th style="text-align:right;">

judge\_id

</th>

<th style="text-align:left;">

definition

</th>

</tr>

</thead>

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5862

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

First and foremost, a proof must be logically consistent and correct. By
that I mean that it should be a natural progression of accurate
deductions that eventually leads us to what we were trying to prove
first and foremost. Second of all, it should be clear and concise.
Presentation is very important in proofs and if the exposition itself
cannot be followed the proof itself is somewhat useless. By “concise”, I
mean that it should not have unnecessary details. Detail in general is
good, but too much of it can inflate the proofs too much. If these
aspects are all present, I think a proof is worth a high mark.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5244

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof must be concise and answer the question. It should be carefully
laid out and contain every line of working from the theorem to end
conclusion in high detail.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5486

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It needs to be logic and convincible. A good proof is a rigorous
scientific proof.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5765

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Be clear and concise about what you are trying to prove.

Set out work neatly and in a way that is easy to follow so that people
can understand it.

State what method of proof you are using. 

Highlight assumptions you have made.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5700

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof must begin with a clear statement of what you are proving. The
proof must be in-depth and no information should be missing. Any new
ideas or assumptions which you bring into the proof must be justified
and in some cases, you may have to prove that these are true within the
original proof. There must not be any unaddressed gaps in the proof. If
you use theorems, propositions etc. in your proof you must reference
exactly where these can from (lectures notes, book etc.) - you cant use
ideas like this without any reference. Finally, you must give a clear
conclusive statement such that it is clear that you have arrived at the
final desired result.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5249

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

When we’re looking at assessment, the relevant aspects are that the
proof accounts for all cases that might arise, it needs to be logically
consistent, the proof should be a clear chain of implications. A proof
needs to include proofs, or references to proofs of any proposition it
uses along the way. A good proof is well-organised and readable, but
that should not matter from a marking perspective, as the only thing
that should matter when it comes to assesment, is that the proof is
correct, and leaves no unanswered questions.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6581

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof has to be easy to read and easily validated

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6793

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof is usually an argument about a statement (mathematical
statement), which shows that the conclusion could be guaranteed by the
assumptions given in the statement in a logical way.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5847

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Follow the writing standards, no logic errors, clearly state the
problems and steps

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5250

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

There is no ambiguity in what the writer is trying to prove, the
notation used, the steps involved, etc, and it covers all possibilities.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6815

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Clear and defined stages/steps taken, highlighting any assumptions you
are making and if you are substituting algebraic letters in, good use of
mathematical language and sentences used, reasoning.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

7110

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

there should be calim written clearly at the start of a proof. notations
and laguages should be ised properly in the proof. the method of the
proof should be indicated. make reference clearly when referencing from
the textbook. have a clear conclution.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5534

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A clear and well stated proof of the claim given, with no logical gaps
or unproven (by either the writer or the course textbook) assumptions.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5599

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof needs to be clear and easy to follow. It must not contain any
gaps or jumps of logic and should justify why it is exhaustive. It
should clearly state how it will prove what it plans to prove, and
should end with a conclusion of what was proved.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

3159

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It should make proper use of the English language. Using any nobel
notation. Begin every solution with a clear statement, about what you
are proving andwhy you have proved it.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6899

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

The proof has to be explained clearly and linked well to the thing that
wanted to proof. Also, when theory is addressed, it has to linked well
with the proof, and a good proof need to show the statement, steps and
conclusion as well

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

7486

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof need to be clear and use simple words that can make the readers
understand easily. A proof also need to follow by steps and conform to
logic.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5274

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It should have valid theorems to help prove the standpoint and steps
between steps needs to have strong connection.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6614

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Clear clarification, logical deduction, firm conclusion.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

7044

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof needs to have clear concise steps and notation in order for the
reader to believe the proof and recognise whether it is true. A good
proof also needs to help the reader understand why it is true. It needs
to be shown what proof method one is using, whether it is proof by
contradiction, by counter example, by induction, etc. It is also very
useful to write comments next to a significant number of maths that one
has solved. The comments should briefly explain why the equations or
statements have been brought up. In general, it is best to be as
comprehensible as possible, the reader should not have many questions.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6205

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

It must be thorough and clear.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5959

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

a clear thought process accurately written down that highlights all
necessary angle of the problem.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6027

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

We should pay more attention to a process by which we reach a conclusion
rather than the result. The most important thing is to trace back to the
source and understand mathematics.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

7323

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

Prove the theorem and each step is detailed.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

6108

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

To be worth high marks, a proof should be successful in proving the
thing that it sets out to prove. The proof should not have any gaps in
it and should be mathematically correct throughout.

</td>

</tr>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:right;">

5588

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;">

A proof worth high mark means the proof is logical and formative with a
correct calculation.

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

# Save data

Filtered definitions written to `data-out/definition_data.csv`.
